Add Gateway API information (#555)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking-services.md

For more information, see [Managing Packaged Components](../installation/packaged-components.md).

For details on the specific version of Traefik included with K3s, consult the Release Notes for your version.

### Gateway API

Gateway API is a family of Kubernetes resources that provide dynamic infrastructure provisioning and advanced traffic routing. While the traditional Ingress API is still supported (and not planned to be deprecated), the Gateway API provides a more expressive, role-oriented, and extensible way to manage service exposure.

> In K3s, to leverage Gateway API you must use Traefik. Please use the following HelmChartConfig to enable GatewayAPI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
K3s comes with Traefik v3, which includes optional support for the Gateway API. In order to enable Gateway API support, deploy a HelmChartConfig that sets `providers.kubernetesGateway.enabled` to true. For example:
```

```yaml
# /var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/manifests/k3s-traefik-config.yaml
---
apiVersion: helm.cattle.io/v1
kind: HelmChartConfig
metadata:
  name: traefik
  namespace: kube-system
spec:
  valuesContent: |-
    providers:
      kubernetesGateway:
        enabled: true
#       experimentalChannel: true (read warning below)
```
Traefik is compatible with [Gateway API v1.4](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/1.4/spec/).

:::warning Gateway API resources

> Gateway API CRDs are not uninstalled when removing Traefik as of April 2026 releases: v1.33.11+k3s1, v1.34.7+k3s1 and v1.35.4+k3s1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to the April 2026 releases (v1.33.11+k3s1, v1.34.7+k3s1 and v1.35.4+k3s1) Gateway API CRDs are removed if traefik is disabled after previously having been enabled. When using an affected release, avoid disabling traefik or uninstalling the traefik-crds AddOn if your cluster contains Gateway API resources that you do not want removed.
```

Author: good
